Add changelog for release 2.0 (#927)
magento-research/pwa-studio: changelog.md

# Release 2.0

> Branch: https://github.com/magento-research/pwa-studio/tree/release/2.0

Reviewer: Probably remove, since the branch will eventually be deleted.
```suggestion
```

## What's new

### Server platform and language independence

-   UPWARD spec introduced for cross platform server behavior configuration.

>     An upward spec describes a stack-agnostic server that is used for server side rendering.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    An UPWARD file describes a stack-agnostic server that is used for server side rendering, asset delivery, and proxying.
```

> -   A PWA package can now define its network requirements in an UPWARD spec file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   A PWA package can now define its network requirements in an UPWARD file.
```

-   A PWA can now be deployed on any tech stack as long as the server is UPWARD compliant.

> -   UPWARD server implemented in NodeJS and PHP

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   UPWARD servers implemented in[NodeJS](https://magento-research.github.io/pwa-studio/technologies/upward/reference-implementation/) and [PHP](https://github.com/magento-research/magento2-upward-connector)
```

-   [UPWARD-js server][]([#382][])

### Improved developer experience

-   Implemented consistent patterns for workflow, such as action/reducer organization and container/presentational separation, in the Venia reference theme source code.
-   Venia components are now portable and can be used in any React application.
-   New centralized driver and adapter concepts for all PWA-Studio component input/output.
-   Configurable low level UI elements, such as lists and forms, available for developers without the need for drivers or adapters.
-   Improved error handling to help detection and recoverability.

#### Related documentation updates

-   [Modular Venia components][] ([#796][])
-   [Venia directory structure][]([#487][] [#752][])

### App-like experience

-   Pagination feature added to Venia reference storefront for app-like navigation.
-   Inline checkout implemented in the Venia reference storefront.
-   Basic account creation and management implemented in Venia.
-   Loading state implemented to improved the app-like experience.

#### Related documentation updates

-   [Venia Checkout implementation][] ([#673][])

### Improved shopper experience

> -   Braintree integration in the Venia reference storefront.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   Braintree checkout integration in the Venia reference storefront.
```

-   Search with intelligent previews implemented in the Venia reference storefront.

#### Related documentation updates

-   [Braintree integration][]([#793][])

### PWA compliance

-   Web App Manifest file created for the Venia reference storefront.
    This file provides the metadata for adding the Venia storefront to a mobile home screen.
-   Service worker optimizations

### Performance enhancements

-   Smart caching implemented to improve service worker catalog caching
-   Bandwidth usage optimizations achieved using:
    -   Dynamic image compression/resize
    -   Advanced minification
    -   Bundle splitting

> -   Improved app performance on devices using smoother animations and non-blocking renders, which provide faster times on first meaningful paint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   Improved app performance on devices, including smoother renders and faster [Time To First Meaningful Paint](https://developers.google.com/web/tools/lighthouse/audits/first-meaningful-paint)
```

### GraphQL usage

-   GraphQL usage increased to match coverage updates in Magento 2.3.0.

### Magento Cloud compatibility

-   A new Magento module (`Magento_UpwardConnector`) is available to route frontend requests through an UPWARD-PHP server.

> -   Software Integrators(SI) can replace existing Magento cloud storefronts with a new PWA storefront using the UPWARD connector module.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   Solusion Integrators(SI) can replace existing Magento cloud storefronts with a new PWA storefront using the UPWARD connector module.
```

I _think_ this is what they want to be called?

Reviewer 2: Did you mean `Solution`?

Reviewer: Uh...

-   Documentation created for deploying storefront to Magento Cloud
-   Assistance offered by Magento Enterprise Cloud deployment team

#### Related documentation updates

-   [README][] for the `Magento_UpwardConnector` module, which contains Cloud deployment instructions.

### Other documentation updates

#### New topics

-   [Theme vs Storefront][] ([#509][])
-   [Install Venia sample data][] ([#474][])
-   [Peregrine Routing][] ([#453][])

#### Updated topics

-   [Certificate and Valet+ troubleshooting][] ([#637][])
-   [Tools and Libraries][] ([#621][])

## Known issues

-   After submitting a successful order, users are unable to add items to the cart. ([#916][])
-   Create account page displayed with null values for email, first and last name when creating an account during a guest checkout. ([#830][])
-   (Mobile specific) When there are more categories, users cannot scroll to Sign in button. It blocks user from signing to the account. ([#824][])

## Other notable updates

-   **Setup Venia storefront** video developed and available in Magento U

> [braintree integration]: https://magento-research.github.io/pwa-studio/venia-pwa-concept/features/braintree/

Reviewer: I'll try to find a way to autogenerate this as a GitHub query link or something.
